Adding Custom Entities Docs (#28734)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/software_catalog/service_definitions/v3-0.md

## Key features

> - **(GA) Expanded data model**: v3.0 supports multiple kinds of entities. You can organize your systems using various components such as systems, services, queues, and datastores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Expanded data model**: v3.0 supports multiple kinds of entities. You can organize your systems using various components such as systems, services, queues, and datastores.
```

> - **(GA) Multi-ownership**: You can assign multiple owners to any objects defined through the v3.0 schema to specify multiple points of contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multi-ownership**: You can assign multiple owners to any objects defined through the v3.0 schema to specify multiple points of contact.
```

> - **(GA) Enhanced relationship mapping**: With APM and USM data, you can automatically detect dependencies among components. v3.0 supports manual declaration to augment auto-detected system topology to ensure a complete overview of how components interact within your systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhanced relationship mapping**: With APM and USM data, you can automatically detect dependencies among components. v3.0 supports manual declaration to augment auto-detected system topology to ensure a complete overview of how components interact within your systems.
```

> - **(GA)Inheritance of system metadata**: Components within a system automatically inherit the system's metadata. It's no longer necessary to declare metadata for all related components one-by-one as in v2.1 and v2.2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Inheritance of system metadata**: Components within a system automatically inherit the system's metadata. It's no longer necessary to declare metadata for all related components one-by-one as in v2.1 and v2.2. 
```

> - **(GA) Precise code location**: You can add the mapping of your code location for your service. The `codeLocations` section in v3.0 specifies the locations of the code with the repository that contains the code and its associated `paths`. The `paths` attribute is a list of [globs][4] that should match paths in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Precise code location**: You can add the mapping of your code location for your service. The `codeLocations` section in v3.0 specifies the locations of the code with the repository that contains the code and its associated `paths`. The `paths` attribute is a list of [globs][4] that should match paths in the repository.
```

> - **(PREVIEW) Custom Entities**: Define your own entity types beyond Service, System, Datastore, Queue, and API. Scope scorecards and actions to only apply to specific entity types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **(In Preview) Custom Entities**: Define custom entity types beyond Service, System, Datastore, Queue, and API. Scope scorecards and actions to specific entity types.
```

> - **(PREVIEW) Integrations**: Direct integrations with third-party tools to dynamically source information related to your components (e.g. Github pull requests, PagerDuty incidents, Gitlab pipelines, etc.). Report on and write scorecard rules against any third-party source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **(In Preview) Integrations**: Integrate with third-party tools to dynamically source information related to your components (for example, GitHub pull requests, PagerDuty incidents, and GitLab pipelines). Report on and write scorecard rules against any third-party source.
```

> - **(PREVIEW) Group by product or domain**: You can group systems or other components by products, offering multiple layers of hierachical grouping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **(In Preview) Group by product or domain**: Organize components by product, enabling multiple layers of hierarchical grouping.
```

> {{< callout url="https://forms.gle/fwzarcSww6By7tn39" d_target="#signupModal" btn_hidden="false" header="Opt in to the preview for the latest version of Software Catalog!" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout url="https://forms.gle/fwzarcSww6By7tn39" d_target="#signupModal" btn_hidden="false" header="Opt in to the Preview for the latest version of Software Catalog." >}}
```

- **Inheritance of system metadata**: Components within a system automatically inherit the system's metadata. It's no longer necessary to declare metadata for all related components one-by-one as in v2.1 and v2.2. 

> - **Precise code location**: You can add the mapping of your code location for your service. The `codeLocations` section in v3.0 specifies the locations of the code with the repository that contains the code and its associated `paths`. The `paths` attribute is a list of [globs][4] that should match paths in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Precise code location**: Add the mapping of your code location for your service. The `codeLocations` section in v3.0 specifies the locations of the code with the repository that contains the code and its associated `paths`. The `paths` attribute is a list of [globs][4] that should match paths in the repository.
```

- **(In Preview) Custom entities**: Define custom entity types beyond Service, System, Datastore, Queue, and API. Scope scorecards and actions to specific entity types.

> - **(In Preview) Integrations**: Direct integrations with third-party tools to dynamically source information related to your components (e.g. Github pull requests, PagerDuty incidents, Gitlab pipelines, etc.). Report on and write scorecard rules against any third-party source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **(In Preview) Integrations**: Integrate with third-party tools to dynamically source information related to your components (for example, GitHub pull requests, PagerDuty incidents, and GitLab pipelines). Report on and write scorecard rules against any third-party source.
```

> - **(In Preview) Group by product or domain**: You can group systems or other components by products, offering multiple layers of hierachical grouping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **(In Preview) Group by product or domain**: Organize components by product, enabling multiple layers of hierarchical grouping.
```
